Thesis Code Challenge

The web page is built using only HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, and JavaScript. The CSS
and JS files are not minified because they are not substantial in size and
to keep the code readable for review purposes. 

Note the sketch file included with this assignment provides the required
images:  logo, hamburger menu, and background image. The Roboto folder provides
the font-family types.

Regarding the form, validation is included for the email and password fields.
The icon in the password field toggles to reveal its contents.

When the sign up button is clicked, the name, email, and password are passed
through the URL giving the illusion this information is being sent to the
backend.

The design also hid the hamburger menu until an observed screen width. This
approach departs from the design which shows the hamburger menu icon. When the
hamburger icon appears, it toggles to show the main navigation options.

Website tests only performed on Chrome, Firefox, and Safari. No tests performed
on IE or Edge.

To view the website, clone this repository and open the index html file in one
of the browsers tested.

Instructions for the Challenge

The objective of this code challenge is to build a HTML web page that resembles
the Stamp landing page as shown in the pdf design provided.

No frontend/backend frameworks/libraries like bootstrap, font awesome, react,
angular, etc. are used.

Links on the main navigation and footer navigation don’t point anywhere. The
form does not submit but is styled based on the design provided.

It is left to the developer's discretion on how to implement the hamburger menu.

More attention is paid to the following features:

- Responsive design (check how it looks on mobile devices/smaller screens)
- Page load time
- Various elements states (hover, focus, etc.)

Less attention is paid to the following features:

- Getting the exact font face icons, photos, images, or illustrations
- Content:  feel free to use dummy content

Extra Credit:

- If you notice any flaw in the attached design, point it out and explain it

/* https://online.photoscissors.com & https://photopea.com for image manipulation */
